Episode 10
My name is Kim Hee Jin
Take this, it will be a big help to you.
I don't want to say good-byes,
so don't follow me out.
Don't come out!
I'm sorry, I should have endured it.
No, it is not your fault. Don't blame yourself.
How are we going to do our business?
I think I will ask my mother for help.
Like last time, to bring over from the baker
or, for a pastry chef to come here.
It would be great if we could get a pastry chef.
I think so too.
If that works out, it would be great.
Sam Soon, is a great loss.
Watch the fire.
Yes.
You're here.
It's 5 minutes till 9, satisfied?
Hey, hang on!
Why did Sam Soon resign so suddenly?
And why did your mother behave that way?
Don't try to know too much, it won't good for a lot of people.
Why do you shoot your words out like that?
It's not like you're a jellyfish.
With who's permission, do you think you're leaving?
I need to check jeans first.
Wait for me while I try it on.
What is there to try?
What kind of a man is this?
Where is this place that
I must go with you too?
Did the whole family eat a woodpecker?  Why are you so loud.  Just follow me, you have nothing to lose.
What the hell is this!
If you borrowed my jeans for few days,
shouldn't you buy me drinks?
Are you trying to seduce me?
Seduce? This innocent bachelor does
not know what seduction is..
I don't do that.
I will just court you right away.
What the...
Hey, give me back my handbag!
How could you do this to me...
give me back my bag!
Come, drink.
Is what you needed to wear tonight at all cost, this?
This right here, every time I wear this,
it's a home run 100:100 win.
Did you seduce 100 women?
Then, why is it that you couldn't get married?
I am divorcee.
Just like me.
Really?
Have you heard of any singles claiming they've been divorced?
You should have said so earlier!
I'm so happy to hear this.
I knew we had something in common.
There are some things you shouldn't have in common.
It's not like it's something to be proud of.
Well, it may not be something to be proud of, but ...
at least we won't ask each other why we got a divorce.
Why do you think people are so curious about that?
Whether it's because of personality difference or sexual preference.
That's true.
So why are you divorced?
♫  I'm looking for this place.  ♫
♫   You said without words  to me it was a parting step .  ♫
♫   We're not passing each other and tears are flowing.♫
♫  I still remember how you look,
even with  my eyes closed. ♫
♫  The fire in your heart,
which doesn't love me now, has been put out. ♫
♫  My desire grows in the grief. ♫
♫   When I have to let you go although I love you.  ♫
♫   Even If I can't see and even if I am shoved,
I will never leave.  ♫
♫  Don't be sad while time passes.  ♫
♫ Between us we don't know while we are alone.  ♫
♫  You have left me. ♫
♫  We walked together without any words  ♫
♫   Along that steet  ♫
There are 2 types of dough, depending on its use.
One with the yeast and one without.
If you add the yeast, it will ferment right away, but if that's not the case, the flour will breath and expand on it's own.
I find that really, really cute.
I should be a person without the yeast.
♫ Even though everything changed, I was weak. I love you.
♫  Even still It's me ♫
Increase your pay by 10%.
This guy is still not thinking straight.
Where does he get off showing off his money?
Increase your pay by 20%.
♫ I'm sorry. It's not me. ♫
♫ I don't love you any more. ♫
♫ While pushing me aside who am crying, ♫
♫ You are looking at me who am breathless. ♫
♫I love you even though you're leaving me.♫
♫  Although for me you are gone ♫
♫  Don't look for me. I am gone.   ♫
♫  The love which only you looked at ♫
♫ It's you.  Did you love me? ♫
♫ It's cannot be that you don't remember me.  ♫
♫  In another world I am the only one alone. ♫
♫    I am calling your name like that.   ♫
My father never thew things away thoughtlessly.
Leftovers were of course used as fertilisers.
After straining and drying well, he'd scatter them here.
Telling them to eat and to grow well.
If the vegetables that are grown by consuming these flowers
come on the dinner table, I'll eat it well,
and forget about it completely.
Kim Sam Soon.
Kim Sam Soon?
Were you waiting for Kim Sam Soon's call?
Jin Hyun?
Oh yes, there's stuff to discuss.
This late?
Yes.
It must've been important.
Kind of.
Where are you now?
I just got left work.
It's very late.
I heard that tomorrow is Mi Joo's got physiotherapy.
I would like to go with her.
That'd be nice.
Then bring Mi Joo to my house .
Give me a call before you leave.
Okay.
Drive carefully.
So, the contract ended and I arrived in Marseilles?
What do I do?  Starved but have no money. So I followed how we do it in Korea and barged into the market.
To find some odd jobs in exchange for food. But,
when you go to the marketplace in Korea, they put in fish heads and roughly chopped up vegetables, and add chili.
They have it there too! I could smell it,
and tears just came to my eyes.
Oh my.  Are you going to take all night?
So, did they give some to you?
Of course! Of course I ate.
A bowl of fish soup that touched my soul ... bouillabaisse.
As I was saying, I was working in this small restaurant in a small corner of the Marseilles night market,
and that was a long time ago. Now this is
important. That menu had this sentence.
"Tell me what you ate, and I can tell what kind of person you are."
Brillat-Savarin.
You know Savarin?
I have a sister who is a pastry chef. This is the least I should know.
Isn't the  Savarin biscuit named after him?
You really know!
Jeans, you have good taste.
How can that be? Such a pretty face,
a great figure, and smart too.
If Sabaran was here
he would say, "Let's sleep together."
Hurry!
Why should I sleep with you?
Come on, just to fulfill basic instincts. What other reasons do you need?
I should have some justification.
No matter how much the world has changed ...
Give me 3 reasons.
Justice? I don't have a justice, but there's a flower pot.
Will that work?
You are so lame. Give me 3 reasons
why I should sleep with you.
This is crazy. Alright, three reasons,
just three right? First!
One.
You've worn my jeans.
Your cheap pair of jeans.
Secondly, we held hands. Doesn't holding
of hands imply that you give the rest too?
You grabbed them, did I give them to you?
Third,
Third,  because there's one there.
You are dead tonight. Come with me.
Sam Shik ...
Hey, Sam Shik!
Get up quickly. You have to eat, and then go to work.
Why are you so surprised?
Quickly wash up!
There, there ...  acting innocent again.
Is this the first time you've seen me?
What is wrong with your fridge today?
You don't even have an egg in here.
Why are you surprised, you punk!
It may be difficult to believe, but accept the truth.
Because you dumped me, I became like this.
What are you doing?
You are not thinking of throwing me away?
Sam Shik... Sam Shik... Sam Shik!
You dare to throw me out!
I will show you how big a price you have to pay for
abandoning the miller's third daughter, Sam Soon.
I'll strip you naked.
Do you know how many people are named Ye Seuh?
(Jesus in Korean)
Two people.
There are four Jung Yi, and there are 300  No Sook Ja.
(Homeless in Korean).
Heo Jun, 101.
There are 10,248, Chul Soo.
(old-fashioned Korean male name)
There are 29,227 Young Hee,
(old-fashioned female Korean name)
There were also Pi Hae-ja ('victim' in Korean),  An Tae-na ('antenna'), Park Chi-gi ('head butting') Choo Gil-nyun ('bitch'), Choo Gi-ja ('Let's kill')
Chang Poong, Gang Ah-ji ('dog'), Go Yang-yi ('cat').
Oh my, there are those who are named cats and dogs?
Dog - Five; Cat - one
Aren't those parents a little too irresponsible?
We have one here in front of us.
Are you talking about changing your name again?
Last year, Lee Sam Soon born 1958 in Changwon changed his name to Lee Han.
To think that even one born in 1958,
resorted to changing his name to start fresh.
I am only 30. I want to change
my name, so don't stop me.
I won't. Do as you wish.
Mom, you are joking, right?
Both granddad and father objected. Why the sudden change?
You've used Kim Sam Soon and lived for 30 years,
for the rest of your days you can live it as your favorite,
Kim Hee Jin.
You are serious right?
Don't back out of your words.
I feel now that by changing your name, you will stop getting dumped.
But if you still get dumped after changing,
I'm taking you off our family register.
Mom.
Do you need lawyers?
Do you have money?
No, I will do it myself.
After going to the court, I will go on the blind date.
Don't worry.
You have a blind date today?
yes.
You came home at dawn, didn't you?
Where were you?!
You are dead today.
I had a good time yesterday.
Your service is not too bad.
But of course. 101:101 wins.
$100
Hey young man, how could you dump it like that?
You should put it in a trash bags before dumping it,
or take it to the recycling center. Take it.
What?! Sam Soon resigned?
Yes.
Why?!
It's all because of Hee Jin. It would be too awkward to see each other since they've broken up.
That no good brat, even after all that I have said...
But, yesterday Sam Soon's mother
made a scene at the restaurant.
A scene? Sam Soon's mother?
Yes.
Did that punk do something wrong?
Maybe...
What maybe?
Do you think he got her pregnant?
Oh my god!
Little kid, do you want this?
I am not a little kid.
Student, why don't you take this?
Why?
Why? Just because you are cute.
I don't like it.
What don't you like?
I don't like plush toys.
Then why aren't you in school!
You'll be in trouble if you skip school!
I am on my way to an academy now, such a strange man.
You little brat, you will grow up to be like Sam Soon.
Sam Shik!
Where have you been?
Look at your blackened hands.
If a crow sees them, he would say, "Grandpa!"
Hurry, go wash those hands and come eat and study now.
Kim Sam Soon, take this back.
And by the way, when are you picking up the bicycle?
Didn't Sam Soon resign?
I'm sorry.
Can you manage alone?
I am worried too.
Just bear with it for a few days. It will be resolved soon.
♫ You could try, it’s alright…  ♫
♫ You can bear it , it’s so fine ! ♫
♫  Can you believe you are alone again?
A new start?  ♫
Hello, what do you need?
Do you have anything that will
make the face look slimmer?
Oh, blush?
♫  Keep on trying, keep on trying. ♫
When you put this on, the most important thing is to emphasis your facial features
Is this useful?
Of course. Look in the mirror, and check for yourself.
You are really pretty.
You're so pretty.  Really pretty.
Put some more on.
These are what you want.
♫ It's all right. ♫
♫ You can't start again,  ♫
I'll just take this one.
♫ that's a sad story. ♫
Okay.
Please give me more samples.
♫  You don't have any expectation.  ♫
♫  Don't get excited over whatever!  ♫
♫ The woman's name.  ♫
♫ I'll mutter it. ♫
Not bad too.
♫ Keeps on growing. ♫
♫ Strangest feeling ♫
♫ Little by little
I think it's going to be sweet. ♫
♫ I wanna get you oh~♫
♫ You are the reason why I sing now! ♫
A cup of plain coffee please, no syrup.
♫  And I feel so fine  ♫
♫ Because you make me so ♫
♫ Smile! ♫
♫ Won't you be my love? ♫
This place is huge!
Applicant's birth name... Kim Sam Soon,
changed to Kim Hee Jin.
The Han word is Kim Hee....
and this is err...Yoo Hee Jin, Kim Hee Jin.
Why out of all names must it be Hee Jin?
Oh really, what to do?
Reason for change....reason for change.
Why do you want to change your name?
Have you heard of the tragic tale about Sam Soon?
An undergraduate girl named Sam Soon
went for a class excursion.
After some drinks, the guys
start to tease her about her name.
The hurt female undergraduate ran
out in tears and got on a taxi.
Student, with a face of good fortune
like you, what are you crying about?
Why? Is your boyfriend giving you a hard time?
No.
Why are you crying?
You are at the best time of your youth.
My friends always tease me about my name, that it sounds like a country bumpkin.
You are crying over that? It's nothing.
Why don't you try.
What is wrong with your name?
As long as it is not Sam Soon, it's ok.
Gosh now! This student is really... is it that bad?
In the end, Sam Soon jumped out
of the taxi and killed herself.
Wait sir! I just need to make
some changes! Give me the pen please.
How about this?
So beautiful, I knew you will like this. Later on you can play some real doctor games with Unnie.
Kitchen toys, you want this too?
You want to read this?
She learned Korean?
She picked it up early. She knows almost everything.
But it looks a little difficult.
I know, I'll buy it.
If it is too difficult, you can read it later.
Let's go.
How long has she been attending this place?
About 2 years.
You take her here all this time?
Almost.
It must be tiring, twice a week. It's not easy.
But you are here now, Sam Soon.
We can take turns every week.
What?
Oh....Nothing.
Did you manage to speak to Kim Sam Soon?
Huh?
Didn't you say there was important stuff?
Yeah.
What is it?
Just restaurant stuff.
What about the restaurant?
She resigned.
Why?
Something happened.
Is it possibly because of me?
Why do you think it's because of you?
Even if it was just a contract relationship,
I'm just wondering if she feels uncomfortable because of me.
Did something happen between you two?
No, don't think too much about it.
Does Kim Sam Soon like you?
It didn't feel as though she was faking it on Jeju Island.
I am not too sure.
What do you want to know?
Nothing, forget it.
How much is your monthly pay?
What is your annual income then?
I make quite a bit.
I make quite a bit, too.
I heard your mother is single.
If you get married, must you care for your mother too?
Not just care for her, but live with her.
Aren't you the youngest of three?
Don't you have elder sisters?
Compared to my sisters,
she gets along with me better.
I heard you were the glamorous type,
but you look chubbier than I had expected.
I also heard that you were handsome.
That hairstyle of yours is like  ... it's f***ing ugly.
How old are you? How could you utter something so rude?
Oh my, excuse me.
I am sorry that these lips have batons on them.
Really. She broke up for only a few days...
What do you mean?
She broke up with Jin Hyun oppa.
His ex-girlfriend, Hee Jin, came back.
Let's go.
May I help you?
Did you change your pastry chef?
Yes, something came up...
No wonder. This is not the same as before.
We came here because of the cakes.
I am so sorry. Is there anything else you need?
Forget it.
Is table 15's mousse ready?
Right away.
Hot!
Are you ok? In Hye.
You are not young anymore.
Isn't this out of line when you are on a matchmaking date?
I am so sorry again,
but I threw my manners into my
soup and drank it all up a long time ago.
Are you messing around with me?
You're so sensible ...
This woman is really...
You are not young either,
and you still see me as a girl.
Oh dear, I really don't know what to do.
Just my bad luck.
I have worse luck than you!
Do you think you are Jo In Sung?
Parting your hair like that!
Kim Hee Jin?
You are still tough.
Oh my, what are you doing here?
I was on a match date too,
but I've been rejected.
Oh I see...
May I sit down?
Of course, that is what a chair is for.
Oppa! It's Che Ri.
Long time no see, what's up?
I saw something interesting.
Your ex-girlfriend Sam Soon. I was here for my workout, but I saw her here on a match make date!
You two broke up for only a few days, and she is out match making!
Hello? Oppa? What is this?
It didn't work out with that previous guy?
Actually...
He's a bad boss.  He looks young yet he treats his subordinates like that.
Precisely, that is I want to
resign as soon as possible.
That is the right thinking. With your abilities,
you can definitely find something better.
How could you when you haven't tasted my...
Isn't this the benefit of age? You see things very quickly.
Oh yes, just like a gift from time.
Your hair looks very good. Did Geum Soon do this for you?
Actually the assistant head stylist
wanted to do my hair,
but I kept insisting on Geum Soon for me.
Yes, what I didn't complete the last time, I will go all the way now.
Now that I applied for a new name.
Kim Hee Jin, fighting.
Sam Soon.
Noona, why do you keep doing this?
Didn't you say you won't  go on match make dates anymore?
Mother  is half way there.
You know, he is acting. This guy is a little... a little crazy.
Just listen to me, just trust me, okay?
Have you been drinking coffee again?
Didn't I tell you not to take that.
It is bad for the baby!
Let's go, Noona.
What are you doing this again?
Let's go!
What are you doing!?
Let's go and then talk.
What are you doing, really!?
Hey! Do you really want a bashing from me?
In Hye is hurt.
What?
She's burnt, and the bakery has stopped operating.
In Hye, where are you hurt? Let me see, where?
Are you okay? Where are you hurt?
Just because I told you to treat your body like a thermometer,
how could you burn yourself like this.
Where is it? Do you need to go to the hospital?
What is it?
Where? Arms? Where on the arms?
Here.
I applied some ointments, and I'm fine.
Why did you come over?
What kind of a joke is this!?
Do you like men that much?
You did your hair and bought clothes
just for the match make date.
Did you forget the conditions of our contract?
You cannot see other men besides me.
Isn't the contract cancelled?
There is still 50 million outstanding, right? You still have to abide to them before you return that.
Then why did you take the house deed?
I was afraid I would be beaten
to death by your mother.
Before returning the $50,000,
just stick to the conditions...
Are you fooling around here?
You are the one who is fooling around.
Showing off your money.
By the way,
I secretly borrowed this outfit from
my sister. I don't waste my money.
Go buy some clothes!
Kim Sam Soon, let's talk.
♫ I'm sorry. ♫
It's enough.
♫ It's not me.♫
Let go.
♫ I can't  love you any more. /i>♫
♫ I'm crying as you push me away. ♫
♫ You're looking at me who am breathless.♫
♫I love you even if you are leaving me. ♫
♫ But for me you aren't there.♫
♫Don't look for me. I've lost ♫
♫The love which only looked at you. ♫
♫ It is you. ♫
♫You loved me. ♫
♫ It cannot be that you don't remember me. ♫
Now, I have you by my side, Sam Soon.
♫ In another world ♫
Did Kim Sam Soon like you?
I am not sure, what are you getting at?
Do you love Jin Hyun?
President ... no, I really love Jin Hyun.
So please don't interfere.
Don't you feel that you are brazen?
There was no news for 3 years, and then you come back out of the blue and want me to back off.
What logic is that?
Memories are just memories;
they have no power.
Are you ready?
Yeah, I am.
Thank you. Thank you.
You really want to eat this?
This is one of my favorite dishes/
You like spicy food, don't you?
Why don't you try it?
Oh, wait.
What?
Let me try it first.
Okay.
Nice?
Much too hot.
Kim chee, bulgogi, okay.
This is too hot.  Don't eat it.
I've been craving for this ddeokbokki for the whole week.
If you eat that, it's going to hurt your stomach.
It's okay. I'm Korean.
Korean?
Thank you.
It's moving.
Of course, it's moving.
It's not moving, it wouldn't be alive.
You've got to eat it alive.
Try this.  This is one of the well-being foods in Korea.
No thanks. No thanks.
Uh uh.  Dr. Kim you have to test this to see if I should eat it or not.
That one. Here.
My tongue.  It bites my tongue.
It bites my tongue.
Chew it or swallow it or something.
It's nice.  It's yummy.
Ummm. Yummy.
I'm going to taste all the nicest food in the world
and live a long healthy life.
Something's wrong with you tonight.
Why? What makes you say that?
'Cause you always laugh when there's something wrong.
Why is it that you seem to know me more than I do?
What's up?
--Nothing.
--Nothing?
You know. Just something stupid. Boring.
It's like this.
Things shine at first,
and then, as time goes by,  they tend to fade away,
and eventually, it's just not there any more.
The shine.
It's stupid.  I don't know why,
but it just came across my head.
--Shine?
Mmhmm.
Because ...
I think I use to shine, but, you know,
after the operation and the medication
I think it's all gone now.
You still shine.
Yeah but, that's not what I meant.
It's stupid anyways.
Let's eat.
Eat it.
Chang Soo, cigarettes and light.
Noona, didn't you quit smoking?
I feel like having one.
Then take mine.
Thanks.
Chang Soo, get me another stick!
There are more than 4,000 chemicals in a cigarette.
Tar, carbon monoxide, nicotine, arsenic, ammonia, cadmium, potassium cyanide, formaldehyde, methanol ...
Hey. Are you making some public service commercial?
Don't smoke. I don't like people who smoke.
Harassment, harrassment, you cigarette of a man.
Do you know why I needed 50 million?
This house, my father used his
life to earn this house.
To keep this house. But you made
use of that to make fun of me.
And that guy just now, do you
know what that meant to me?
To have two matchmaking dates with
the same guy - that is not simple fate.
The other day and today too we were getting
along so fine. What are you trying to do?
Can I still meet someone who likes me
and treats me well? It's all been ruined by you.
You chased away what possibly
could be the last man in my life!
Why do you keep thinking it is the last one?
Are you still making fun of me?
You can meet so many much better men.
How many? How many?!
Sam Soon, you have charm.
You don't know how attractive you are,
and that is your attraction.
Didn't I tell you not to talk nonsense?
It's not nonsense!
I will not believe you.
On Jeju Island, you were the one who
mislead me and then left me alone.
Why are you staring at me like that?
Don't see other men, and
stop going on blind dates.